Private service access doc update (#2582)
GoogleCloudPlatform/hpc-toolkit: modules/README.md

  number of VPC networks using the [vpc] module.
* **[pre-existing-vpc]** ![core-badge] : Used to connect newly
  built components to a pre-existing VPC network.
* **[firewall-rules]** ![core-badge] ![experimental-badge] : Add custom firewall
  rules to existing networks (commonly used with [pre-existing-vpc]).
* **[private-service-access]** ![community-badge] ![experimental-badge] :

>   Creates a private vpc connection (commonly used with [filestore]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Configures Private Services Access for a VPC network (commonly used with [filestore] and [slurm-cloudsql-federation]).
```
